com/secretaria/transito/model/TipoVehiculo.java
 com.secretaria.transito.model.TipoVehiculo
com/secretaria/transito/interfaces/ITipoVehiculo.java
 com.secretaria.transito.interfaces.ITipoVehiculo
com/secretaria/transito/interfaces/ITipoDocumento.java
 com.secretaria.transito.interfaces.ITipoDocumento
com/secretaria/transito/model/Credencial.java
 com.secretaria.transito.model.Credencial
com/secretaria/transito/model/RegistroAutomovil.java
 com.secretaria.transito.model.RegistroAutomovil
com/secretaria/transito/TransitoApplication.java
 com.secretaria.transito.TransitoApplication
com/secretaria/transito/model/MarcaVehiculo.java
 com.secretaria.transito.model.MarcaVehiculo
com/secretaria/transito/controller/HomeController.java
 com.secretaria.transito.controller.HomeController
com/secretaria/transito/interfaces/ICliente.java
 com.secretaria.transito.interfaces.ICliente
com/secretaria/transito/interfaces/IVehiculo.java
 com.secretaria.transito.interfaces.IVehiculo
com/secretaria/transito/interfaces/IMarcaVehiculo.java
 com.secretaria.transito.interfaces.IMarcaVehiculo
com/secretaria/transito/controller/SearchController.java
 com.secretaria.transito.controller.SearchController
com/secretaria/transito/model/TipoDocumento.java
 com.secretaria.transito.model.TipoDocumento
com/secretaria/transito/model/AgenteTransito.java
 com.secretaria.transito.model.AgenteTransito
com/secretaria/transito/model/Cliente.java
 com.secretaria.transito.model.Cliente
com/secretaria/transito/interfaces/IInfraccion.java
 com.secretaria.transito.interfaces.IInfraccion
com/secretaria/transito/model/RegistroInfraccion.java
 com.secretaria.transito.model.RegistroInfraccion
com/secretaria/transito/interfaces/IAgenteTransito.java
 com.secretaria.transito.interfaces.IAgenteTransito
com/secretaria/transito/model/Infraccion.java
 com.secretaria.transito.model.Infraccion
com/secretaria/transito/model/Vehiculo.java
 com.secretaria.transito.model.Vehiculo
com/secretaria/transito/controller/InsertController.java
 com.secretaria.transito.controller.InsertController
com/secretaria/transito/controller/VehiculoInfoController.java
 com.secretaria.transito.controller.VehiculoInfoController
com/secretaria/transito/controller/InfraccionesController.java
 com.secretaria.transito.controller.InfraccionesController
